Old blues player
Excitable dog
Auctioneer.
Charismatic politician running for governor
Thinks brad is absolutely repulsive
Astronaut with an alien inside him.
The greatest lover in france
Going through all the stages of getting drunk
Pig farmer from arkansas.
An amish guy
Someone in a dentist's chair
Gradually turning into a parrot.
Stressed-out hairdresser
Giving birth
Loudmouthed sports fan in the bleachers.
Amorous italian opera singer
Gradually turning into a pig
Gets an electric shock every time he has an impure thought.
President clinton
Gradually being eaten by soldier ants
A masochist.
Game show prize announcer
The world's biggest glutton
Talking chicken having trouble laying an egg.
Latin american soccer announcer
Turning into the incredible hulk
$PERSON's teenage daughter having a tantrum.
Characters from 'south park'
In a medieval dungeon being tortured for information
Vulture looking for the ultimate feast.
An exorcist
Rabid canadian ice hockey player
Strip club bouncer.
Monster truck pull announcer
The winning contestant on miss world
Turning into king kong.
Strict overbearing schoolmarm
Uptight model on her first erotic photo shoot
Frat boy showing off to his buddies in the audience.
Temperamental rock star in his hotel room
Gets turned on by danger
Ravenous boa constrictor.
Female american gladiator
Makes animal noises whenever he gets turned on
Angry farmer looking for [the] person who slept with his daughter.
Outraged grandmother
Bad stand-up comic fed up with the audience
Has taken a powerful aphrodisiac by accident.
In a 1960s beach movie
Dr. jekyll desperate not to turn into mr. hyde
Going through all stages of marriage with the chooser.
Roommates from "the real world"
Soap opera doctor desperate not to lose another patient
Nervous old woman accidentally boarding a roller coaster.
Frisky dog going rabid
World's ugliest man looking for action
Quasimodo determined to rescue esmerelda.
Jar jar binks
Disgruntled postal worker
Still hypnotized from last night's stage show.
Dracula with an insatiable appetite
Desperate middle-aged housewife looking to spice up her life
Having a big fight with his boyfriend backstage.
Possessed girl from "the exorcist"
Cantankerous snowman who is melting
Destructive toddler learning to walk and talk.
Evil horror movie doll chucky
Cowardly old bystander in a western
Relentless bounty hunter rounding up the infamous "bald men gang".
The wicked witch of the west and her flying monkey army
Drunk fireman responding to a call
Goldfish in a bowl of water with a 5-second memory.
Shock jock radio dj on air with his posse
Love robot who is recharged by kissing people
$PERSON's bickering parents who are trying to teach him the facts of life.